\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename README.info
@settitle README
@c %**end of header

@node Top
@top README

@menu
* About Revenge::
* Installing Revenge::
* Running Revenge::
@end menu

@node About Revenge
@chapter About Revenge

Revenge is a program designed to aid in reverse engineering and debugging 3D
programming of ATI graphics cards.

Revenge is usable by both developers and users; users may simply run Revenge and
send the created dump tarball to the developers.

New OpenGL test may be easily added to Revenge for testing new features and
extensions.

@node Installing Revenge
@chapter Installing Revenge

Briefly, the shell commands @samp{./configure; make; make install} should
configure, build, and install this package. Revenge requires the following
packages, as well as a Unix-like operating system, such as GNU/Linux.

@itemize
@item
@uref{http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/utils/pciutils/,pciutils}
@item
@uref{http://www.libsdl.org/,Simple DirectMedia Layer}
@item
@uref{http://www.zlib.net/,zlib}
@end itemize

You may also run revenge in-place, without executing @samp{make install}, if you
prefer.

@node Running Revenge
@chapter Running Revenge

You must be root in order to run Revenge; the X server may be running as a user,
but you may have to execute @samp{xhost +} to disable access control.

You should verify you are @strong{NOT} running any OpenGL based window managers
such as @uref{http://www.beryl-project.org/,Beryl},
@uref{http://compiz.org/,Compiz}, etc.

Revenge currently does not auto-detect the interface used by the graphics card,
so you must run with the appropiate siwtch. The avilable interface types are as
follows: @samp{--agp}, @samp{--igp}, @samp{--pci}, @samp{--pci-e}, and
@samp{--rs690}.

The following is an usage example for Revenge; substitute @samp{--pci-e} with
the interface type appropriate for your card.

@example
# revenge --pci-e
@end example

While Revenge is running please do not move the mouse or minimize the window,
etc; it's best to simply let Revenge run without interference.

After executing this command and waiting some time (typically a few minutes) a
dump tarball will be created. You should send this dump tarball to
@samp{revenge@@freedesktop.org}.

