README
******

1 About Revenge
***************

Revenge is a program designed to aid in reverse engineering and
debugging 3D programming of ATI graphics cards.

   Revenge is usable by both developers and users; users may simply run
Revenge and send the created dump tarball to the developers.

   New OpenGL test may be easily added to Revenge for testing new
features and extensions.

2 Installing Revenge
********************

Briefly, the shell commands `./configure; make; make install' should
configure, build, and install this package. Revenge requires the
following packages, as well as a Unix-like operating system, such as
GNU/Linux.

   * pciutils (http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/utils/pciutils/)

   * Simple DirectMedia Layer (http://www.libsdl.org/)

   * zlib (http://www.zlib.net/)

   You may also run revenge in-place, without executing `make install',
if you prefer.

3 Running Revenge
*****************

You must be root in order to run Revenge; the X server may be running
as a user, but you may have to execute `xhost +' to disable access
control.

   You should verify you are *NOT* running any OpenGL based window
managers such as Beryl (http://www.beryl-project.org/), Compiz
(http://compiz.org/), etc.

   Revenge currently does not auto-detect the interface used by the
graphics card, so you must run with the appropiate siwtch. The avilable
interface types are as follows: `--agp', `--igp', `--pci', `--pci-e',
and `--rs690'.

   The following is an usage example for Revenge; substitute `--pci-e'
with the interface type appropriate for your card.

     # revenge --pci-e

   While Revenge is running please do not move the mouse or minimize
the window, etc; it's best to simply let Revenge run without
interference.

   After executing this command and waiting some time (typically a few
minutes) a dump tarball will be created. You should send this dump
tarball to `z3ro.geek@gmail.com'.

